# Homework-3-JavaScript
The purpose of this application is to randomly generate a password of a length selected by the user, using a possible set of characters including all uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers, and even the special variety. Creating this behavior required incorporating Javascript and Bootstrap components in addition to basic HTML and CSS. Admittedly, I ended up heavily referencing online tutorials once it became obvious that the underlying logic behind the overall functionality was far from intuitive. Specifically, allowing for the choice of how many characters long the password should be, and also influencing the code to choose at random from the available set depended on an arguably complicated set of programming statements. So, while the structural content is to a large degree mimicked from existing productions circulating the web, hopefully I've gained a meaningful amount of exposure and practice towards the particular demands involving syntax and calculation necessary to enact the operation demonstrated by this collection of code. I pray that following along with another person's example doesn't constitute bold-faced plagiarism. It simply dawned on me early that my current expertise was grossly insufficient to figure out a solution by myself. If I'm able to append any tidbits of wisdom upon my developing understanding, then from one perspective the act of "cheating" to find an answer is perhaps rationalized.

As of now my level of mastery over essential concepts related to HTML and CSS remains at a beginner stage. The visual layout only vaguely resembles what's recommended, since positioning elements persists in eluding my intentions. All I can do is keep trying out organizational combinations in an effort to see how the content responds. With repetitive attempts maybe I'll start learning how to better control the manner in which parts appear on the page. I could propose the argument that I'm still relatively new to the coding process, yet that shouldn't indefinitely serve as a valid excuse for underperformance. With each ensuing epiphany, no matter how minor, a more comprehensive grasp of these interconnected techniques might solidify itself.
